# My History
**My name is Amahle Magaqa, as you may already know. I am 23 years old, originally from the province of KwaZulu-Natal. I recently relocated to Johannesburg, Gauteng, with a dual purpose: to further my education and explore promising job opportunities. I was born and raised in Mtwalume, which is on the south coast of KwaZulu-Natal. I then attended my primary school years at multiple different schools, one of them being Mtwalume Primary School, where I spent 3 years of my primary schooling. There, I participated in extracurricular activities such as relays, school debates, and the school choir. For my secondary schooling, I attended Mariathal Combined School, which is located in Ixopo, KwaZulu-Natal. Mariathal Combined School is a Catholic boarding school, so during this time I had to move away from home to the boarding house where I stayed along with other girls.At first, I hated it, of course, but as the years went by, I started to appreciate and cherish my time there, so much so that I started preferring being at school to being at home. This, as I now know, was the start of my hyper-independence. In High School, I mainly participated in one extracurricular activity, which was the Eskom Expo for Young Scientists, more commonly known as the Sceince Expo. There, I came to learn that I find joy in exploring and understanding the wonders of science and technology. This is mostly driven by the need to understand what makes and shapes our world and the nature around us, as well as the cutting-edge innovations that shape our future. I happily took part in the Sceince Expo with great hopes that I, too, would one day be a part of this fascinating industry and contribute towards changing and shaping our future. I am a firm believer and strong supporter of the revolutionary potential of science and technology to tackle many global issues and enhance human well-being.** 
