# Relevant Experience
**I have to unfortunately say that my experience in Data Science is limited. I did, however, finish an Introduction to Statistics course through Coursera, which was offered by Stanford University on the Coursera platform. This was for free, and I was also able to acquire my certificate upon its completion. Through this course, I can say with confidence that I was able to learn and understand concepts such as probability, descriptive and inferential statistics, sampling, hypothesis testing, confidence intervals, regression analysis, analysis of variance (ANOVA), the Chi-Square test, normal distribution, the central limit theorem, outliers, and correlation. This is, of course, not Data Science at its core, but I am confident that should the need arise, I will be able to apply the foundational understanding I have gained from this course to the programme as statistics is a part of Data Science. Along with this course, I also undertook and completed a Google IT Support course on the same platform; specifically, this was for System Administration and IT Infrastructure Services, where I learned how to manage and configure servers, user tools and information, as well as user productivity. Basically, I learned about the core of a Sysadmin’s role in an organisation. In this course, I did a minuscule amount of coding, just for practise; it was never applied to any tests. The reason I undertook these is because I believe in professional development to keep the mind interactive and engaged.** 