# My Future: The Good Parts
1. I envision myself having built a stable life anywhere in the world. I wish to have many homes around the world, including the one I would have in South Africa, of course. Ideally, it has to be Singapore, Japan, Germany, or somewhere in North America. I want to be exposed to different cultures and be versed in travel too. I would love to see what this beautiful planet has to offer. I have many personal goals, each applying to different areas of my life. For my health goals, I want to develop a consistent exercise routine to help me stay in shape, eat healthy, and be able to have routine checks for everything I would ever need to have a check for as my life progresses. By being healthy, I would be able to donate blood to hospitals so that it could help anyone in need. I see myself having a large savings pool, a trust for my kids (if any), and lucrative investments in multiple sectors, such as real estate. I do wish to find a life-long partner to share and build all of this with. I am not too sure about kids because my stance is always changing as the years go by. But right now, I would say, Yes, I do want kids. 
2. I see myself having strong relationships with my family and friends and keeping in touch with all of them. I would love to attend family gatherings and plan trips with my friends to keep that connection. I want to be present in their life, to celebrate their success. 
3. Its not a business but rather a charity organization. I envision myself having a large charity organization to help house and feed the homeless here in South Africa. I oove donating and have donated before, both via online platforms as well as on the streets. I love helping people and it makes me extremely sad that there are those who have to sleep and live on the streets enduring a harsh environment and violence.  There would be no requirement, of course, it would be available to everyone and anyone in need. The charity organization would be well thought out and have a comprehensive programme. It would include, first and foremost, rehabilitation in any form that a person would need. Then professional development, this can come in any form that a person chooses from learning sowing skills to attending a theoretical study programme. And for those who already poses skills and are confident in thier ability, we would look at placing them in employment opportunities. Connecting people with their estranged families would also be something we offer. This is a life-long goal of mine that I hope to one day achieve. 