# What might get in the way of your success? 
**I am self-aware and believe in addressing challenges head-on.**
1. **Time management**. This, I believe, would be my biggest challenge, as it requires balancing the demands of the programme as well as my personal life and responsibilities. This can be quite stressful. When it comes to how I plan to overcome this, it boils down to essentially developing time management skills. This would mean I have to learn how to create a schedule, prioritise tasks, and set short-term and achievable goals. This will help create a meaningful balance between the work I do towards the programme as well as my personal commitments. I also need to communicate, both with others in my personal life in order to create boundaries that will help me to be able to focus and complete tasks, and also with the programme mentors/directors regarding any challenges I might come across.
2. **Proficiency in programming**. I am very confident in my ability to learn and absorb new concepts and materials, then go on to apply that which I have learned. However, I can’t ignore the fact that programming can sometimes be a hurdle along with being a bit frustrating (if things are not going your way, which sometimes they might not). To overcome this, I will dedicate time to practising as much as possible. Taking on coding challenges on online platforms and exposing myself to challenges will help build my skills as a coder. I will also seek guidance from senior and experienced programmers. They have been in my position, so there would be no one better than them to help me on my journey.